Runs: Rewrite Runs section (#2011)
wandb/docs: models/runs/delete-runs.mdx

---
title: Delete runs
description: Learn how to delete runs from a W&B project using the W&B App.
---

Delete one or more runs from a project with the W&B App.

1. Navigate to the project that contains the runs you want to delete.
2. Select the **Runs** tab.
3. Select the checkbox next to the runs you want to delete.
4. Choose the **Delete** button (trash can icon) above the table.

> 5. From the modal that appears, choose **Delete**.

Reviewer: Nit: I think we tend to use "drawer" instead of "modal".

<Note>

> Once a run with a specific ID is deleted, its ID may not be used again. Trying to initiate a run with a previously deleted ID will show an error and prevent initiation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A run ID cannot be reused, even after the run is deleted. Instead, the run will fail with an error.
```
I'd consider demoting both of these notes from notes, to avoid note stacking.

</Note>

<Note>
For projects that contain a large number of runs, you can use either the search bar to filter runs you want to delete using Regex or the filter button to filter runs based on their status, tags, or other properties.
</Note>

> ### Run deletion workflow

Reviewer: What about a title like "Run deletion flowchart"? Otherwise the title reads a bit like "This is what you should do to delete runs".

    
    ConfirmRegistry -->|No| DeleteRunOnly
    ConfirmRegistry -->|Yes| DirectDelete[Delete Run + Artifacts<br/><br/>- Run metadata removed<br/>- Artifacts permanently deleted<br/>- Registry links removed<br/>- Cannot be recovered]
    
    DeleteRunOnly --> PartialEnd([Run Deleted<br/>Artifacts Preserved])
    DirectDelete --> FullEnd([Run + Artifacts<br/>Permanently Deleted])
    
    style Start fill:#e1f5fe,stroke:#333,stroke-width:2px,color:#000
    style DeletePrompt fill:#fff3e0,stroke:#333,stroke-width:2px,color:#000
    style RegistryWarning fill:#ffecb3,stroke:#333,stroke-width:2px,color:#000
    style DirectDelete fill:#ffebee,stroke:#333,stroke-width:2px,color:#000
    style DeleteRunOnly fill:#e8f5e9,stroke:#333,stroke-width:2px,color:#000
    style PartialEnd fill:#c8e6c9,stroke:#333,stroke-width:2px,color:#000
    style FullEnd fill:#ffcdd2,stroke:#333,stroke-width:2px,color:#000
```

<Note>
**Important**

When you delete a run and choose to delete associated artifacts, the artifacts are permanently removed and can't be recovered, even if the run is restored later. This includes models linked to the Model Registry.

> </Note>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Warning>
When you delete a run and choose to delete associated artifacts, the artifacts are permanently removed and can't be recovered, even if the run is restored later. This includes models linked to the Model Registry.
</Warning>
```

    style FullEnd fill:#ffcdd2,stroke:#333,stroke-width:2px,color:#000
```

> <Warning >

Reviewer: Nit: Extra space
